---
created: 2026-04-04T16:50:00
updated: 2026-04-29T00:26
tags:
  - posts
title: idk, catsitting, yap, music, nixos
---

also i'm catsitting, and fucking around with nixos when i could maybe be studying for some of the classes that i might not fail. i've spent like, three days straight just configuring nixos help

(ill add a picture later)

i really want to start making music again. i feel like i just have to solve the problem of nixos in its entirety and then ill have a reproducable system for making music. genuinely the thing that pisses me off most about digital music creation is how absolutely volatile it is. ive tried portable reaper installs with plugins and samples supposedly saved in a single folder, and yet, the few projects i worked on on there just didn't save any audio files anywhere in the directory.

i have a feeling nixos might solve this? if i can figure out the neccissary evil of switching to linux native audio editing software, then in theory i should be able to include a nixos configuration and a project folder?????? (i don't really understand nixos yet.

ugh i genuinely dont know (i think paid plugins, if any, will fuck everything over so hard but idk), i think it'd be much more useful to actually start making music.

i know it goes against the principle(s) of zen or whatever, but i feel kinda bothered by the idea of not being able to open a 5 year old project file and just have it play. i think it's my programmer brain or whatever. git was made to create records of all changes ever. anyone can clone your repo, see how you built your project, and you never have to worry about being distructive.

music has always felt messier, i know if i dont have an external tool to track changes, i'll make duplicate clips, and duplicate tracks every time i want to tweak a sound, then delete the old one when i think im done with it. idk, UGH it's a real frustration. i assume theres solutions with tools, maybe in the linux world or whatever, but maybe that could be a project if it doesnt yet exist.
